# iLLUsIon PHANTOM
One Key for One Lock

## Table of Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Features](#features)
- [Example](#example)
- [Benefits](#benefits)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [License](#license)

## Overview
Many users reuse passwords across multiple services, which is a major security risk. 
This project aims to assist users to use one unique password per service by minting(salting and hashing) them.

## Features
- Add custom services
- Revoke hash used in minting passwords
- Search feature

## Example

| Service         | Password         | Minted Password |
|-----------------|------------------|-----------------|
| google.com      | `stevesmith100@` | `A365F8E8A9DC`  |
| instagram.com   | `stevesmith100@` | `1FF756E98BB3`  |
| github.com      | `stevesmith100@` | `1E6FF3AB5C13`  |

## Benefits
1. **Isolated Security** – No need to ponder for your next password! Just change the hash in a single click!  
2. **Reduced Risk** – Minimizes impact of credential leaks, since you'll never have to throw your raw passwords online!  
3. **Better Management** – Unlike random passwords generated by google, you can keep track of your own passwords.

## Usage
1. Periodically renew your hash by clicking on `revoke hash` in the `settings` page.  
2. Once you enter your password and click `mint`, the minted password will be copied to your clipboard.
3. Repeat the same process whenever you need to login. Every mint generated will be identical, which can be guaranteed by the math logic behind the `hashing algorithm`.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome!  
1. Fork the repository  
2. Create a new branch  
3. Submit a pull request with improvements or examples

## Roadmap
- [ ] Browser Extension Support(TBD)

## License
This project is licensed under GNU General Public License v3.0.  
